[Music]
Hello honey, how are you there? Well,
I hope you enjoyed your day. I'm
here to bring you the latest news
regarding the live broadcast that
Antonio David Flores did yesterday, accompanied by
Francisco Rodriguez. By the way,
tonight I think we never have a channel, we don't
always have a channel, or we have a lot.
In fact, tonight I think we have a
live broadcast on the main channel in April and
Mérida. With Francisco, we're going to comment on what's
coming to the
television factories, which is no small feat. And well, people have been
a little shocked and they
caught
Antonio. He was at Olga Moreno's house.
Okay, watch out for the catch because,
well, he practically starts the
live broadcast saying that he's in Malaga,
so, well, the caught thing, let's
leave it to this government, especially because you can
also see the check from the
winner of Survivor 2021 for
200,000 euros, that souvenir that he has there
next to his plaque of 100,000
YouTube subscribers. It
can be seen that Antonio still has the
vast majority of his belongings there, not
like  family
well everyone takes things their own
way and I think it's fine, but today was just
me and my thing, I wish I could
get back with Olga, why would I
lie to you family, what do you think, I'll
be choosing tonight, then I'll upload some
more videos, commenting live
tonight, I hope you've seen the whole thing,
okay, I'll try now and as I go over it
I'll comment, a
huge hug and until the next family video
[Music]